prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%"  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_2%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=2  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_1%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=1  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_2%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=2  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_16%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=16  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_16%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=16  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_21%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=21  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_26%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=26  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_31%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=31  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_10%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_6%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_70%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=10  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=6  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=70  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_10%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=10  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_8%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=8  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_5%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_7%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_32%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_11%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_90%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_16%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=5  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=7  -XX:NewRatio=32  -XX:SurvivorRatio=11  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=90  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=16  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicy%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_4%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicy -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=4  postfix 
prefix "root%;%DisableExplicitGC%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_1%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+DisableExplicitGC -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=1  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
prefix "root%;%UseAdaptiveGCBoundary%;%UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost%;%UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal%;%MaxTenuringThreshold%;%MaxTenuringThreshold_15%;%MinSurvivorRatio%;%MinSurvivorRatio_4%;%NewRatio%;%NewRatio_4%;%SurvivorRatio%;%SurvivorRatio_1%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement_50%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay%;%TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay_8%;%" -XX:+UseAdaptiveGCBoundary -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizeDecayMajorGCCost -XX:-UseAdaptiveSizePolicyFootprintGoal  -XX:MaxTenuringThreshold=15  -XX:MinSurvivorRatio=4  -XX:NewRatio=4  -XX:SurvivorRatio=1  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplement=50  -XX:TenuredGenerationSizeSupplementDecay=8  postfix 
